SPSS/Normality Test/Normality Test Interpretation.md, before:

## Normality Test

To confirm the normality of the dataset, I performed the following tests:

### Hypothesis Test

- **H0**: The dataset is normally distributed.
- **H1**: The dataset is not normally distributed.

### Decision Rule

If the p-value is greater than the level of significance (0.05), I will accept H0; otherwise, I will reject it.

### Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test

- **Math Score**
  - P-value: 0.025607719313122796
  - Conclusion: Since the p-value is less than the level of significance, we reject H0 and conclude that the data is not normally distributed.

### Shapiro-Wilk Test

- **Math Score**
  - P-value: 1.454571915662538E-4
  - Conclusion: Since the p-value is less than the level of significance, we reject H0 and conclude that the data is not normally distributed.

- **Reading Score**
  - P-value: 1.0737773700897718E-4
  - Conclusion: Since the p-value is less than the level of significance, we reject H0 and conclude that the data is not normally distributed.

- **Writing Score**
  - P-value: 3.332864321041425E-4
  - Conclusion: Since the p-value is less than the level of significance, we reject H0 and conclude that the data is not normally distributed.

---

Please note that this is a summary of the normality tests performed on the dataset.

Commit message:

Update Normality Test Interpretation.md

SPSS/Normality Test/Normality Test Interpretation.md, after:

## Normality Test

To confirm the normality of the dataset, I performed the following tests:

### Hypothesis Test

- **H0**: The dataset is normally distributed.
- **H1**: The dataset is not normally distributed.

### Decision Rule

If the p-value is greater than the significance level (0.05), I will accept H0; otherwise, I will reject it.

### Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test

- **Math Score**
  - P-value: 0.025607719313122796
  - Conclusion: Since the p-value is less than the significance level, we reject H0 and conclude that the data is not normally distributed.

- **Reading Score**
  - P-value: 1.0737773700897718E-4
  - Conclusion: Since the p-value is less than the significance level, we reject H0 and conclude that the data is not normally distributed
 
- **Writing Score**
  - P-value: 3.332864321041425E-4
  - Conclusion: Since the p-value is less than the significance level, we reject H0 and conclude that data is not normally distributed
     
### Shapiro-Wilk Test

- **Math Score**
  - P-value: 1.454571915662538E-4
  - Conclusion: Since the p-value is less than the significance level, we reject H0 and conclude that the data is not normally distributed.

- **Reading Score**
  - P-value: 1.0737773700897718E-4
  - Conclusion: Since the p-value is less than the significance level, we reject H0 and conclude that the data is not normally distributed.

- **Writing Score**
  - P-value: 3.332864321041425E-4
  - Conclusion: Since the p-value is less than the significance level, we reject H0 and conclude that the data is not normally distributed.

### Therefore, Math Scores, Reading Scores,s and Writing Scores are not noremally distributed.
